[THEME MUSIC]
>>WILLIAM HENRY: Hello,
I'm William Henry.
Welcome to "The Awakened Soul."
In this episode,
we're going to explore
the Native American beliefs
known as the Path of Souls,
which is a detailed geography
of the soul's journey
in the Milky Way
during the afterlife.
Dozens of Native American
tribes contributed
to the myths and traditions
of the Path of Souls.
It is an exquisite
teaching that describes
the soul walking the west,
as the afterlife is known.
On its path, the soul encounters
portals and wormholes,
stargates, that lead to
immeasurably beautiful spaces.
This exploration began for me
at the Bicentennial Mall State
Capital Park in Nashville,
Tennessee, where I live.
This 2,200 foot long
rod was built in 1996
to commemorate the state of
Tennessee's bicentennial.
It is the sister site to the
National Mall in Washington,
D.C., but it could also be
the sister to Stonehenge.
Earlier, we looked at
Nashville's Parthenon,
and I noted that Nashville
has copies of two healing
temples from the ancient world.
This is the other temple.
The extraordinary design
of this very special place
is laser etched
into two red granite
monoliths at the temples
gate or entrance.
It looks like something
you'd see in Egypt.
In fact, some say the
design of the Mall
looks like a UFO landing pad.
These monoliths tell me
that the design of the Mall
is extremely important.
Otherwise, who goes to this
much effort and expense
to make sure that
we see this design?
You can see in the detail
in this line drawing
that this is some kind of a rod
or wand design, it's a pillar.
Looks sort of like an antenna.
One can also see it as
a hammer, which is funny
because it's a pun on
mall, the root of mallet,
a stick with a hammer.
Soon after the Mall was built,
I made a synchronistic discovery
by noticing that it bore
a striking resemblance
to this quite
technological looking
to drawing from a second century
Chinese manuscript of Mount
Meru, the Buddhist cosmic
access, or the World Tree.
As we look at these
diagrams we see
that both wands have
circular platforms attached
to which is a tapering section.
At the top of the
Meru drawing is
a triangle, which
symbolizes the portal
to Shambhala, a gate of
souls to the other world.
This legendary
kingdom is the center
of a brotherhood
of light dedicated
to the spiritual
advancement of humankind.
The Buddha and
Jesus were believed
to be sent from this lost realm
as messiahs bringing knowledge
of a higher consciousness
to our world.
At the top of the
Nashville Mall diagram
are three stars in the
pattern of a triangle.
Now I'm not saying that these
designs are identical, however,
the similarity is very striking.
In fact, this similarity
is purely synchronistic,
as a conversation I had
with the park's architect
said he knew nothing
about Mount Meru,
and did not even see a
similarity in these drawings.
The Meru cosmic axis
is the Buddhist version
of the stairway to heaven, also
called the World Axis, World
Pillar, World Tree, in eastern
beliefs and philosophies,
Meru is the center of the
world, or the connection
between heaven and earth.
In other words, it's a stargate.
And it is upon this rod that
heavenly beings come and go
from the celestial realms,
according to Buddhist belief.
Again, its apex,
the triangular apex,
symbolizes the
gate to Shambhala.
What the diagram
conveys is the idea
of a rod or a ladder
upon which the Buddha
and other enlightened
beings come and go
from the celestial realms.
A manifestation of
one of these sites
appears to be laid
out and growing
at the base of the Tennessee
State Capitol in Nashville,
so I call it Stargate Park.
Interestingly, the original
name for middle Tennessee
was the Mero District, which
is just one letter away
from the word Meru.
I actually discovered this
site and its similarity
to the Meru axis while
researching FDR's quest
for the Holy Grail in 1933.
He, along with Henry A. Wallace,
FDR's two-term Secretary
of Agriculture and their term
VP, and Nicholas Roerich,
a world famous Russian
mystic and painter,
reformed the archetypal
trio of the three wise men
and sought evidence for
the second coming of Jesus
and the secrets of the
holy grail in Mongolia.
Based on early Christian
art, mostly from the second
to fourth century, showing
Jesus performing the miracles
with a rod or a
wand, I hypothesized
that the grail they sought
was some kind of a tone
or force that was conducted
by a wand or a rod
or some kind of antenna,
and that this force could
alter matter, or the
matrix of earth light,
and even perform miracles.
FDR and his wise men were also
seeking the elusive Chintamani
stone that produces
the light body.
The stone is in the
casket in this painting
by Nicholas Roerich.
The Chintamani, or
wish-fulfilling jewel,
is a stone or a tone that
is symbolized by three dots.
And this stone was
hidden in Shambhala
where Roerich went to seek it.
One among a handful
of letters written
by Henry Wallace
to Nicholas Roerich
during the course
of the expedition
led me to Nashville
as the place where
they were going to
return their secrets,
but we'll save that
for another story.
In its simplest form,
the Nashville site
is a rod or wand topped by
three stars, sitting on a box.
It so happens that the flag
of the state of Tennessee,
the three stars of the flag
symbolize the three
divisions of the state.
But mystically,
symbolically, they
correspond to the three
dots of the Chintamani.
So as I say, I dubbed
the Mall Stargate Park,
and began taking
people on guided
walks of this very unique site.
I discovered that each
of the seven chakras
are marked with appropriate
symbolism all by chance.
It literally is a temple of man.
And I invite you to look
me up to come to Nashville,
we can take a walk
together, and I'll
show you the secrets hidden
in plain sight in this very
powerful place.
It's use of red
granite is an example
of ancient Egyptian temple
building technology.
The pillars that compose what's
called the Court of Three Stars
have bells in them, making
this wand a musical instrument.
These pillars are ringers for
those found at Karnak in Egypt.
Oak trees line the
path to the Court
of Three Stars, which
corresponds by the way,
with the third eye.
The oak groves makes this pillar
an Asherah, the holy grove
of the divine feminine.
The Court of Three
Stars, as I say,
symbolizes the third
eye or sixth Chakra.
It is composed of 50 25 foot
tall stone pillars with bells
and has the tri-star symbol
etched into its granite floor.
What's interesting about
this, is that in the Bible,
a circle of upright stone such
as this is known as a gilgal.
This was the name of the
place where Elijah ascended
into the heavens in a whirlwind
while 50 prophets witnessed it.
One of the most incredible
aspects of this site
is its ancient history.
Most Nashvillians are
unaware of the city's
provocative ancient history.
Actually a stone
inscription at the Mall site
tells us that this
site is sacred,
as it once was a
Native American burial
site where mass numbers of
bodies have been interred.
The original
inhabitants of Nashville
built a mound nearby where
sacred ceremonies were held.
This means, in ancient
times, Nashville
was called a Necropolis,
a city of the dead.
Now I don't know what you
think when someone tells you
that mass numbers of bodies
were buried at a place,
but it sounds like a
lot of people, maybe
thousands of people, right.
And I wondered for a very
long time just how many people
they were talking about.
Then in 2012, I was
fortunate enough
to meet Dr. Arthur Cushman,
a Nashville neurosurgeon who
had spent over 35 years studying
the Native American beliefs
of those who lived in Nashville,
and collecting artifacts
from ancient Nashville.
Dr. Cushman is a noted expert on
Mesoamerican Shamanic beliefs.
He told me that the
number of bodies
buried underneath
the city of Nashville
was over 75,000 bodies.
Recently though, he told me that
state archaeologists have now
claimed the number may be as
high as 300,000 bodies buried
in Nashville because of its
ancient sacred significance.
This puts ancient Nashville
in the same league as Abydos,
Egypt, also known as
the Gate of Osiris,
where thousands
of Egyptians were
buried in await of judgment
day and the opening of Orion's
gate.
I'm grateful to Dr.
Cushman for filling
in this detail about
the Stargate Park site,
but that's not all
he illuminated me on.
More, he told me that ancient
Nashville was a teaching
and ceremonial center where
1,600 to 2,000 years ago
Native American
Shamans taught what
was called the Path of
Souls, which wait for it,
describes the
journey of the soul
through a stargate in the
three belt stars of Orion.
This isn't a new
age theory, this
is scholarly research
and evidence collected
from Native American Shamans.
And like the ancient
Egyptians, this research
reveals that the Native
Americans in Nashville
believe that Orion was
a portal for souls.
This sent my head spinning
about the significance
of ancient Nashville and the
reappearance of these ascension
temples.
It goes a long way
towards explaining why
Nashville has these temples.
In his book, The Keys of
Enoch, Dr. J.J. Hurtak
channeled Enoch, the ascension
prophet of the pre-flood world,
and Enoch identified
Nashville as one
of 12 centers that ring
the planet like a pearl
necklace of sacred sites.
Dr. Cushman's insight
lent tremendous credence
to this idea.
And if that wasn't
incredible enough,
Dr. Cushman next
showed me something
that absolutely blew my mind.
And that is, the symbol for
the path of soul's teachings,
he said, is the triskula,
the triple spiral seen here.
The triskula is a neolithic
symbol adopted by Christianity
as a symbol of the
Trinity, but it also
appears on Native American Path
of Souls art from Nashville.
When Dr. Cushman
showed this to me
I could hardly believe my eyes.
The reason why is because
it's exactly the same
as the Tibetan
wheel of joy symbol
which is the symbol for the
great perfection or rainbow
body of light teaching.
And it had me thinking that
what we're dealing with here
is a variation of
the triple dot,
or triple ray symbol
of the Chintimani stone
that the Tibetans say
produces the light body
of the perfect man.
As a symbolist, I know
that the same symbol often
has the same meaning
in different cultures
over millennia.
The appearance of this
symbol on artifacts
from ancient Nashville made
me wonder if it were possible
that some form of rainbow
lightbody teaching
was in fact taught
in ancient Nashville,
and if in fact this was part
of the Path of Souls teaching.
This system and
the mounds where it
was taught throughout
Tennessee and the Ohio Valley
and out into the western regions
assisted Native Americans
in their after death
journey into the stars.
And it's tantalizing to
think about what secrets may
be still buried in my backyard.
Researchers believe that
the Path of Souls teaching
was paleolithic in origin
and actually originated
in the stars, being
a universal teaching.
It was first gathered
in the late 1800s
by representatives of the
Bureau of Native American Indian
Affairs, who interviewed Shamans
and medicine men from dozens
of Native American tribes.
Their stories and legends
of the soul's ascent
were gathered into a
massive collection of books.
Then, in the 1960s, Alabama
scholar George Lankford
began collating these
teachings and discovered
a thread running through them.
The Path of Souls
model was recovered.
Like the ancient Egyptians,
the Native Americans
have a most beautiful
conception of what
we call death, the dissolution
of the physical body.
It's a mere transition,
or morphing,
of our real self to
other and wider arenas
of life and consciousness.
Consciousness then does not
die, but endures as part
of the unity of all life.
The relationship of
all living creatures
as kindred beings
moving in association
through the great tree.
Contemporary Chippewa
medicine man, Sun Bear,
extends the native
perspective of death.
Since life is
movement, but movement
that is cyclical and
non-linear, physical death
is nothing more than a change
of both worlds and forms
because it is a circle from
birth to death to rebirth.
So native peoples'
acceptance of the fact
of human rebirth, or
reincarnation, on Earth
is pervasive and shapes their
conception of life or death.
Our goal on the Path
of Souls, though,
is to have an awake
life, an awake death,
and an awake rebirth
in the Milky Way.
In 2015, Andrew
Collins and Greg Little
published their
book Path of Souls,
which is a very good
summation of this teaching.
My own work is found in my
2013 book, The Secret of Sion.
According to Collins and Little,
two star systems in particular
were central to the Path
of Soul's teaching, Orion
and Cygnus, the Swan, which
the Native Americans imaged
as a turkey, falcon,
eagle, or turkey vulture.
Elsewhere, Collins
has demonstrated
some very provocative findings
and happenings relative
with Cygnus that
may point to proof
of an advanced extraterrestrial
civilization living there.
The Native American
tribes saw Orion
as a severed hand with the
three belt stars as the wrist.
The hand was seen as
hanging downwards with what
resembles an eye in the palm.
Through this
mysterious eye, which
is viewed as an ogee, a split in
the fabric of reality or space
time, the soul of
the deceased person
was able to gain entry
into the Milky Way Galaxy.
But this Native
American conception
gets me really excited because
the ancients are clearly
describing Orion as a stargate.
After taking a journey
to the western most
edge of North America,
says this teaching,
the soul would wait
for the hand of Orion
to reach its lowest
point on the horizon.
Then, the soul would take
a leap through the portal
in Orion's gate, specifically
through the fuzzy
egg shaped nebula, M 42,
located on the sword of Orion.
Once on the great river
of life the Milky Way,
the soul then journeys along
a path, the Path of Souls.
Astronomers in 2004 pointed
the Hubble Space Telescope
in an empty patch of sky
in the direction of Orion.
During 11 days and 400
complete orbits of Earth,
they opened the shutters
of the telescope
and photographed over 10,000
galaxies, shown animated here.
Each one with
hundreds of billions
of stars and probably
that many souls.
This animated
version of this image
represented the farthest we had
ever seen into the universe.
It represents the
soul's original garden
as it walks the west.
At the core of the Path
of Soul's tradition
is a belief in reincarnation,
a belief in an adversary
encountered on our soul's
path into the afterlife
and a belief in
a tree polar axis
that connects the three worlds.
According to Native American
belief, humans have two souls.
One of these souls is
attached to the body,
and is called the life soul.
The other is called the free
soul, which is our true soul.
It is the soul we most
closely identify with.
At the time of death, the
free soul leaves the body
but stays close for a time
before it begins its journey
along the Path of Souls.
The free soul comes to a stream
which cannot be forded or swum
because ghosts
cannot cross water.
It must be crossed
over, and they
tell us there is
a log bridge, some
say it's really a serpent,
which can be induced to fall
across the chasm, or gap.
This task must be accomplished
by the free soul and the bridge
traversed to safety.
Lankford says some peoples
think the bridge is really
a way of talking about
the portal, or Stargate,
and place it at that point in
their account of the journey.
Then, either before
or after the bridge,
there is a ferocious dog
which must be dealt with.
If the free soul
does so successfully,
then the path lies open.
One thing that the Native
American Path of Souls teaching
says is that if you
are ever cruel to a dog
during your earthly
life you're going
to have a real serious
problem crossing this bridge,
the dog will not let you pass.
There may be a camping place
for the free soul on the shore
we're told, for
there may be a wait
time until conditions are just
right to continue the journey.
By most accounts, it is a
realm much like the earthly one
that's left behind, but some
describe it as a river of light
with free souls
camped beside it.
What the free soul must
do to continue the journey
to the realm of the
dead, which is actually
greater life in the Milky Way,
is to make a terrifying leap.
The realm of the dead
is far to the south
and it can only be
reached by walking
the Path of Souls, the Milky
Way, across the night sky.
To get to the path, however,
one must leave the Earth disk
and enter the celestial realm.
Once the free soul has
entered the celestial realm,
the Milky Way, the Path of
Souls stretches out before it.
As in the ancient
Egyptian ceremony
of the weighing of the heart, if
the soul is judged to be pure,
it's allowed to continue its
journey across a log bridge
that leads to the afterlife.
Here the Path of Soul's teaching
says the lucky soul rejoins
its ancestors and
other celestial beings
who have graduated
Earth life, so to speak.
But if the soul is found
to be impure or sinful
it is sent back to
Earth for reincarnation,
or possibly is annihilated
and ceases to exist.
Lankford believes
that the Path of Souls
is not a poetic metaphor,
but a literal understanding
of the relations of humans
to the sky and the afterlife.
The reason it is important
to learn the Path of Souls
is because it provides an
explanation of our soul's
location and the status of
souls before and after life,
and the proper procedures
for making the transition.
These are much more than
intellectual questions
for every relationship and
every psychological attitude
towards the cosmos
itself are based
upon our belief in
the fate of our souls.
So the question now turns
to, from where did the Path
of Souls idea originate?
Like other ideas about the soul,
is this a self evident truth,
or is it possible that
messengers from the stars
delivered this
knowledge to Earth?
If so, were these
travelers from Orion?
In ancient Egyptian belief, at
death, the soul of the pharaoh
was transformed
into the god Osiris,
the Lord of Resurrection,
and the Lord of Orion.
According to this belief,
codified in the Pyramid Texts,
and dating to 2100
B.C., the pharaoh
ascends to the three
belt stars of Orion
where it gained access
to a portal leading
to the winding waterway
of the Milky Way galaxy.
I have proposed that
this is a wormhole
and that what we are
seeing in these vignettes
from the ancient
Egyptians, especially
from the ancient Egyptian
Book of the Dead,
is the journey of the soul
along the Path of Souls.
In this vignette,
we see the throne
of Osiris attached to the
ark, or bark, of the millions
of years, also known as
the boat of Wennefer,
the perfected one, symbolized
as a dual headed serpent.
Mounted atop it is a stairway
to heaven, or a throne.
It is moored in a channel
of water at the bottom.
It then arises
out of the waters.
The stairway to heaven
symbolizes its connection
to resurrection and indicates
its power of flight,
or ascension.
To me it's obviously a
symbol for a wormhole.
Next, the Ark travels through
several hierarchical zones
until it reaches the top level,
called the field, or Dimension
of the Blessed, which
is not located on Earth.
It is the divine or celestial
realm, or field of heaven,
it's the Milky Way, or
what the Native Americans
call the Path of Souls.
In Message of the Sphinx,
Graham Hancock and Robert Bauval
write, "one of the most
salient features of the Duat,
or the afterlife,
as it is described
in the ancient Egyptian
texts, is its relationship
to a great cosmic river
called the Winding Waterway."
Several studies have confirmed
beyond any serious doubt
that the Winding Waterway
was the magical band of light
meandering across the sky that
we know of as the Milky Way.
The great arcing
sky goddess Nut can
be seen as the Milky
Way, the Path of Souls.
In this vignette, the
pharaoh is seen beneath Nut
on his ship of eternity.
And again, Nut can be
seen as the Path of Souls.
The feather on
the pharaoh's knee
indicates his heart has been
weighed and his heart is pure.
And now his soul is peacefully
sailing into the Milky Way
through an ogee.
or a rip in the
fabric of space time.
The ancient priest
astronomers of Egypt,
who compiled the
Pyramid Texts, did
so to assist the King in the
process of his transfiguration
into a divine being,
a light being,
providing knowledge
and also magic power
to the King in his journey
into the afterlife.
Rising from the sarcophagus,
the resurrected King
would make his way out
of the pyramid tomb
and begin reading the
hieroglyphic text inscribed
on the walls along the way.
And these texts would assist
him in his transfiguration,
or his spiritualization,
into a light being
in his preparation for
entering the wormhole.
Author Laird Scranton has shown
that the Egyptian hieroglyph,
to tear, resembles a pair
of thongs and a wormhole.
As the soul transcends the
body in Egyptian scheme,
it is reborn as a light being
and enters a celestial light,
resembling a hollow
reed or a tube of light.
It has entered a
wormhole and will now
ride that boat to heaven.
Utterance 264 of
the Pyramid Texts
says, "the dead King
fairies across the sky
to join the sun god."
The King is enthroned
in his blue ascension
sphere in this image and has the
apse of the soul in his hand.
The Pyramid Texts continue, "the
winding waterway is flooded.
The field of rushes
are filled with water
and I am ferried over
there on to yonder
eastern side of the sky, the
place where the gods fashioned
me, Orion's sister Osiris.
I have come to my
waterways, which
are in the bank of the flood
of the great inundation,
to the place of contentment,
which is on the horizon.
May you lift me and raise me
to the winding waterway, may
you set me among the gods,
the imperishable stars."
In clear language,
able to be interpreted
by the Path of Souls
teaching, the Pyramid Texts
are telling us
these scenes portray
the transfigured
pharaoh navigating
the celestial river, the Milky
Way, or the Path of Souls.
The destination is
the place of creation,
where the gods
fashioned me, or Orion.
The light chip is the vehicle
upon which the pharaoh travels.
It could easily be the
source of the imagery
for the throne of Yahweh.
The Egyptian
knowledge that Orion
is a gateway to
the Path of Souls
is also encoded in
the Old Testament.
In a pivotal moment
in the Old Testament,
Jacob laid his head
on a stone at a place
called Luz and went into a
deep sleep and began to dream.
His dream was profound.
He saw a ladder set on the
Earth with its top reaching
into heaven.
And behold, angels
of God, the Elohim,
were ascending and
descending on it.
El, or Yahweh, stood at
the top of this ladder.
Upon awakening Jacob proclaims,
"awesome is this place."
Meaning, powerful is this place.
This is none other
than the gate to God
and this is the gate to heaven.
In the morning,
Jacob took his stone
that he had put under his head
and set it up for a pillar,
and poured oil on the top of it.
He called the name of that
place, Bethel, or House of El.
Clearly, Jacob had a
stargate experience.
Intriguingly, the three
belt stars in Orion's belt
are called Jacob's
staff, and the Milky Way
is termed Jacob's Ladder.
As I said, Orion is also Osiris
to the ancient Egyptians.
So did Jacob's stargate take
him through the portal of Orion?
Did Jacob have a trial run of
his ascension in this dream?
Opinions and
interpretations vary
concerning the Elohim,
however, in our quest,
their most impressive and
pertinent characteristic
is their ability to travel
between the immaterial
spiritual plane and
the world of matter,
and their mission to assist
humans in their ascension.
The ancient idea of a
stargate above Orion
was also proposed by
Adrian Gilbert in The Mayan
Prophecies.
He cites a short passage
from Giorgio de Santillana
and Hertha von Dechend's
"Hamlet's Mill."
In the chapter
called, The Galaxy,
they refer to the ancient idea
expressed in the Macrobius
Commentaries on the
dream of Scipio,
that between lives men's
souls dwell in the Milky Way.
The gateways which their
souls pass in and out of life
were they said,
that the two points
in the sky where the ecliptic
crosses the Milky Way.
One of these gateways is in
the constellation of Gemini,
actually above Orion, and
the other between Scorpio
and Sagittarius.
This is the location
of the galactic center.
Additionally, I am fascinated
by the beliefs the Seventh-day
Adventists have for Orion.
Since the 1850s, Adventists
have cherished a belief
that Orion is a hole, or
opening, to the throne of God,
and that Jesus will
return through it.
Adventists reason that
the biblical references
to heaven being opened,
in the Book of John
and also the Book of Revelation,
and to the new Jerusalem
descending, were
referring to events
that would occur in one location
in the sky, the middle star
of Orion's sword.
From what part of heaven will
this glorious city appear?
From where the flaming
sword is guarding
the way of the tree of life.
In other words, Orion.
In the New International
Version of the Bible,
the opening of a hole in heaven,
the wormhole tube of light,
is directly connected
to Jesus, who
is referred to as the Son of
Man and a stairway to heaven.
"I tell you the truth, you
will all see heaven open,
and the angels of
God going up and down
on the Son of Man, the one who
is the stairway between heaven
and earth," says John 1:51.
The Book of Acts says Jesus will
return the same way as he came.
This tells me that the Path
of Souls is a two-way journey,
and the journey itself
is characterized by some
encounters with important beings
who live on the Path of Souls.
And while there is disagreement
on the number and nature
of the encounters
and beings, there
is wide agreement
on two symbols.
And I want to talk
about those symbols now.
The two symbols are
the eye and the hand,
and also there is the
great serpent, referred
to as the winged serpent
that lives beneath the world
and in the sky.
In Moundville, Alabama,
ceramic vessels
were found that featured
five images that
seem closely related.
Hand and eye, skull bone,
winged serpent, and raptor.
Of the five, the hand and
eye and winged serpent
were the most frequent.
The five symbols
illustrate a complex
of beliefs regarding the
death of human beings
and the Path of Souls.
Underlying them is
the understanding
of the Milky Way as the path on
which the souls of the deceased
must walk.
Recalling the motif
of the eye in the palm
of the compassionate
Bodhisattvas,
Joseph Campbell has written
about this incredible stone
disk from Moundville, Alabama.
He writes that interpreted
in Oriental terms,
its central sign would be said
to represent the fear banishing
jester of a Bodhisattva
hand showing on its palm
the compassionate
eye of mercy, pierced
by the sight of the
sorrows of this world.
The framing pair
of rattlesnakes,
like those of the
Aztec calendar stone,
would then symbolize
the Maya power
binding us to this
vortex of rebirths,
and the opposed knots would
stand for the two doors east
and west of the ascent
and descent, appearances
and disappearances of all
things in the endless round.
Furthermore, writes
Campbell, the fact
that the eye is at the
center of the composition
would suggest, according
to this reading,
that compassion is the ultimate
sustaining and moving power
of the universe, transcending
and overcoming its pain.
And finally, the
fact that the hand
is represented as though
viewed simultaneously
from back and front would
say that this Bodhisattva
power unites opposites.
Once again, we are reminded
that compassion in action
is the key to gaining
entrance to the Path of Souls.
Now let's talk about the
winged serpent symbolism
discovered on these artifacts.
Winged serpents are well known
symbols throughout the world,
especially in ancient Egypt.
More, the Hebrew term
for winged serpents
is seraph, and is given to
the highest order of angels.
Is this a coincidence or is it
possible that seraphim angels
manifested in native America?
Remember, the Seraphim are
red-winged humanoid beings.
Here is an artifact
depicting a birdman
from Spiro Mound in Oklahoma.
He is representative of
the upper world and part
of a tribe variously described
as ancestral beings, gods
or figures associated
with the divine.
This Bird Man from
Spiro is often
compared to Quetzalcoatl,
the feathered serpent
of the Maya tradition.
At Cahokia Mound near
St. Louis, Missouri,
another birdman was seen.
Listen to this description
of an appearance of Jesus
at Cahokia Mound in
1200 A.D., as retold
by L. Taylor Hanson in her
book, He Walked the Americas.
"According to Native
American tradition
Jesus appeared at Cahokia Mound,
and here is the description.
Then a fire lit up
the east sky, where
cloud banks had been
piled up and everyone
turned in wonder
as consternation
hushed the chanting.
Suddenly, he was
there among them.
Like a creature
from another planet,
shining with a strange
radiance, each hair
on his head luminescent,
a weird glow rippling
from his garments, and his sea
eyes flashing with lightning.
He stood staring at
the Pawnee people."
Now with that description
fresh in mind,
compare that description
with this image
of Saint Francis of Assisi
receiving the stigmata wounds
from Jesus as a
red-winged birdman,
or seraph, also in
around 1200 A.D. Is
the timing of the appearance
of the red-winged birdman
at Cahokia, the
burning man at Cahokia,
and Jesus as a red-winged
birdman to St. Francis
of Assisi simply a coincidence?
Or is it possible rather that
all these red-winged birdmen
are from the same tribe?
Are we looking at the
appearance of seraphim angels
in native America?
And were they sent here to take
us along the Path of Souls?
I believe so.
As Andrew Collins and
Greg Little point out,
knowledge of the path
of souls was closely
guarded by elite
secret societies
of Shamans and healers
among the Native Americans.
Some claim these elite
beings were descendants
of celestial beings,
who originally
brought this teaching to Earth.
And I believe this is
exactly what the evidence is
showing in Native America.
And by studying the Native
American Path of Souls story,
alongside the ascension
of Francis of Assisi,
and his interaction with
Jesus as a red-wing seraph,
I think we get a unique
view into the Path
of Soul's teaching.
Before we go, I would
like to point out
one final fact about the
Tennessee Bicentennial Mall,
and that is that
it's not complete.
Official plans on file
in the Nashville Library
call for a river to
be snaking its way
up the side of the complex.
As we look at the diagram,
we see that the river is not
only shaped like the Milky
Way, but it symbolically
represents a serpent
winding its way up a pole.
Now what we've got to know here
is that a serpent on a pole
is a symbol from the
Garden of the Hesperides.
In the Bible, it's
called a Nehushtan.
All of this points me to
conclude that the Path of Souls
is part of a vastly ancient
extraterrestrial ascension
teaching.
In the next episode, we
will lift this serpent
and further explore the divine
conduit of these beings.
Until next time, be humble,
and let your light shine.
Namaste.
[THEME MUSIC]